hey whats up guys it's scarce here and
today I'm going to be talking about the
phase recruitment challenge and a lot of
people have been excited for this lately
especially myself because if you don't
know phase has not uploaded in nearly
three weeks and that it's crazy that's
something you never ever see for phase
and I think it's because they're trying
to hype up or build up hype for a new
upload a new amazing up oh that's coming
out next so it's either gonna be like
relapse which is the multi cod montage
if you guys don't know they uploaded a
trailer to that a couple weeks ago or
it's going to be the recruitment
challenge and I definitely would like to
see either of those I think relapse is
going to be a crazy teamtage but at the
same time I think the recruitment
challenge is something that a lot of
people have been waiting for for such a
long time now I mean a month ago I made
a video on this now I've just been super
excited for it ever since I have some
great predictions for you guys already
know them i made a video on it before
but i definitely think kitty would be a
great contestant for this i think kitty
is the number one guy when it comes to
joining faze because he's just so active
on his channel and he really really
likes to connect and interact with his
fans which is something that a lot of
phase be leaders are actually looking at
right now they like it when you interact
with your fans they like it when you're
actually uploading on a weekly basis I
guess you could say you don't have to be
uploading every single day and they like
it when you're actually just an active
player they don't like it when you're
going active for months and months at a
time so I think that's something that
the phase leaders are really really
interested in right now and that's why I
think Kitty's the best contestant ever
because he's just super active he likes
interacting with his fans he has a nice
fan base already and I think he's one of
the best snipers who were not fazed at
least at this point in time he has some
crazy crazy clips if you guys have not
seen how many clips he has he's like 30
minutes worth the clips that he hasn't
used yet it's insane it's really insane
how much hype we should actually build
up for this guy because I think he's
going to get in faze almost laundry % I
think he's gonna get in faze and if he
doesn't then I'm gonna be pissed off I'm
gonna be very very pissed off but either
way it's whatever guys all the phase 5
akubra challenge is about is exposure
it's all about exposure and people don't
realize that people think oh I'm gonna
join faze off this well there's a very
very slim chance you're gonna join
unless you're in a team likes or unless
you're in a bigger team but the thing is
with this recruitment challenge is that
it gives you so much except
closer it really does you guys don't
know last year in the phase top 100 when
I used to lead SB and a 7 I actually
recruited three kids from the top 100
into a seven and then two kids into SB
from the top 100 that's crazy I
recruited so many kids at a time because
the time 100 gets a lot of exposure and
that's a hundred of the best players who
did the phase recruitment challenge
that's a lot of people i mean you could
be in that top 100 pretty easily if you
just try your butt off really i mean
it's not that hard but at the same time
obviously you have to be a semi good
player to actually get in the top 100 to
make that your goal but i definitely
think a lot of people were watching this
video could get in the top 100 I mean
it's not like the hardest thing in the
world but at the same time I remember
last year some really really good
players did not get in the top 20 but
they only made it to top 100 so I
personally think that that's a great way
to gain exposure just doing this
recruitment challenge in general it's
gonna get you summer it really will a
lot of teams are looking at this
recruitment challenge and when it comes
out if you're getting a lot of exposure
of it there's about a hundred percent
chance you're going to be picked up by
one of the biggest teams I remember last
year are in the top 20 which is right
after the top 100 if you get in the top
20 you're getting tons of exposure there
was this one guy named dirty if you guys
don't know who he is he's actually an
env right now he was an arrow at the
time arrow had two thousand subscribers
and he was making like 4,000 views of
video he was making crazy crazy views
for a player with only a couple thousand
subscribers not even and he only made
those subscribers off the recruitment
challenge he made like eight thousand
subscribers office recruitment challenge
a crazy number and he was in a small
team and he was making tons of views
like he was getting really really big
and I'm pretty sure obey asked him to
pick him up so many big teams asked to
pick him up and he just said no to them
because he actually wanted to join faze
he was very close to joining too I mean
I think he's a great player and that's
what people should be aiming for they
should be aiming for getting the
exposure to try to get another teams
because getting in the top phase 5
there's just such a slim chance it's
very hard to do that and I'm just gonna
be real with you guys because I know a
lot of people are saying oh you could
easily win phase you just need to try
really hard even at the point of trying
really hard it's gonna be hard to get in
faze all right don't think that you're
going to get in phase from the beginning
of this recruitment challenge if you try
extremely extremely hard
obviously that's the dream that's the
thing that everyone wants right but at
the same time you have to understand
that when you're uploading these shots
to your channel and stuff you're gonna
get yourself a lot of exposure so it's
not like you're gonna picked up the
phase and I don't know if you guys just
heard what I say cuz I kind of mumbled
right there but it's not like you're
gonna get picked up the phase really but
at the same time you might get in the
phase top 100 and you might get picked
up to a team like dare or era or SB or
one of those teams right so there's so
many teams that are going to be picking
up even obey we're going to be looking
at the top 100 and seeing who has the
most exposure and I want to see how this
recruitment challenge plays out it seems
like it's going to be an awesome awesome
recruitment challenge from everything
that I've heard so far from the phase
leaders themselves and I want to see
what happens I'm very excited for this I
want to see everything that goes down
and a lot of people have been asking me
scarce are you gonna go for this
recruitment challenge because I know
you're not the best player in the world
and I don't know if you're gonna
actually make it that's completely true
I'm not going to be going for this
recruitment challenge to get in a team
obviously I'm not going to be going for
this recruitment challenge to really get
anywhere or get any exposure because I
mean I have a good amount of subscribers
obviously I don't have as many
subscribers as a lot of phase members
but at the same time I have a good
amount of subscribers and I'd rather be
giving other people exposure like for my
top five under eight teams and my top
five clips and stuff like that rather
than getting myself exposure because
that's just selfish right so what I
think is if I do this phase five
recruitment challenge it'll help me get
better at sniping and trickshotting and
as a whole because i'm not the best
sniper tricks writer i think a lot of
people know that and i think if i do
this recruitment challenge it just
helped me out a lot especially getting
better at trickshotting cuz that's
something i want to get really nice or
good at in myself that's just something
that I personally want to achieve so i
think if i do this recruitment challenge
it'll help out a lot because it'll make
me feel a lot better when i hit a clip
because if you hit a clip you know you
feel really nice and stuff but if you're
not going for a recruitment challenge
then it's not the same feeling you guys
know that I'm sure because if you're
going for recruitment challenge you hit
like a bunch of amazing shots and you
hit another amazing shot you're like
holy shit i just did another shot I
might actually get in this team and
that's a great feeling and that's why
recruitment challenges are so fucking
awesome to go for so I think almost
every time I was a player because I used
to be a player I would always have a
recruitment challenge client tag in my
client
just to make me feel a lot better when I
hit a shot but yeah that's beside the
point guys I am have occasion to the
next two days and that kind of pisses me
off because it's not a very fun vacation
I don't want to tell you guys what it's
for but it's very very boring it's just
like a horrible vacation I wish I had a
fun vacation for the spring break and
the only other thing I want to talk
about is that my team came out with
their team episode today and it's
actually really really awesome it's an
m2 v2 team episode there's some crazy
clips in it I really enjoy max I know
some of you guys are frustrated because
I keep talking about my team so I try to
lay low for the last couple weeks but
today I wanted to shout him out because
I think it's a great great team episode
and I hope you guys enjoyed the video
for today leave a like if you did you
could also check out my previous video
which is my top 5 trick shots there's
some really really awesome clips in
there and you guys need to look at the
number one spot it's one of the best at
fake lips I've ever seen and then you
guys can also check out my mystery video
which I don't want to talk about too
much because it is a mystery video and
I'll see you guys later peace